Masking st (#4261)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/reuse/apps/opentelemetry/logs-advance-option-otel.md

**Advance options** for log collection can be used as follows : 

    **Timestamp Format**. By default, Sumo Logic will automatically detect the timestamp format of your logs. However, you can manually specify a timestamp format for a source by specifying the following :

>         - **Timestamp locator** : This will be a [Go regular expression](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) which should have timestamp matched using a named capture group. Name of this captured group should be “timestamp_field”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Timestamp locator**. This will be a [Go regular expression](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) which should have timestamp matched using a named capture group. Name of this captured group should be “timestamp_field”.
```

>         - **Layout** : The exact layout of the timestamp to be parsed for example - %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.%LZ. [Here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/internal/coreinternal/timeutils/internal/ctimefmt/ctimefmt.go#L68) are the rules for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Layout**. The exact layout of the timestamp to be parsed for example - %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.%LZ. To learn more about the rules, [refer here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/internal/coreinternal/timeutils/internal/ctimefmt/ctimefmt.go#L68).
```

>         - **Location (Time zone)** : The geographic location (timezone) to use when parsing a timestamp that does not include a timezone. The available locations depend on the local IANA Time Zone database. This page contains many examples, such as America/New_York.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Location (Time zone)**. The geographic location (timezone) to use when parsing a timestamp that does not include a timezone. The available locations depend on the local IANA Time Zone database. This page contains many examples, such as America/New_York.
```

Reviewer: Can you please link the page that contains the IANA examples?
